README.md, before:

# General

This app is an example of JS automatic tests. <br />
At the moment all the tests have passed.

# Libraries used in this project

1. JQuery 
2. Jasmine

# Authors

1. The app was developed by Udacity 
2. The tests for the app were developed by Dina Gringauz

# Last update date

10/10/2015

# Test specification

1. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a URL defined. 
2. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a URL that is not empty. 
3. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a name defined and that the name is not empty. 
4. A test that ensures the menu element is hidden by default. 
5. A test that ensures the menu changes visibility when the menu icon is clicked. 
6. A test that ensures the menu changes visibility when the menu icon is clicked again. 
7. A test that ensures when the loadFeed function is called and completes its work, there is at least a single entry element within the feed container.
8. A test that ensures when a new feed is loaded by the loadFeed function that the content actually changes.

# Instructions 

1. Open index.html in a web browser.
2. By clicking on one of the test - this specific test will be activated. 
3. By marking the flag next to 'raise exceptions' all the tests will be activated. 
4. In the green headline it will be specified how many test have failed.

Commit message:

Add 2 new test
Add 2 new tests and update README

README.md, after:

# General

This app is an example of JS automatic tests. <br />
At the moment all the tests have passed.

# Libraries used in this project

1. JQuery 
2. Jasmine

# Authors

1. The app was developed by Udacity 
2. The tests for the app were developed by Dina Gringauz

# Last update date

10/10/2015

# Test specification

1. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a URL defined. 
2. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a URL that is not empty. 
3. A test that loops through each feed in the all Feeds object and ensures it has a name defined and that the name is not empty. 
4. A test that ensures the menu element is hidden by default. 
5. A test that ensures the menu changes visibility when the menu icon is clicked. 
6. A test that ensures the menu changes visibility when the menu icon is clicked again. 
7. A test that ensures when the loadFeed function is called and completes its work, there is at least a single entry element within the feed container.
8. A test that ensures when a new feed is loaded by the loadFeed function that the content actually changes.
9. A test that checks if allFeeds variable is an of instance of Array
10. A test that ensures if the feeds URLs are valid

# Instructions 

1. Open index.html in a web browser.
2. By clicking on one of the test - this specific test will be activated. 
3. By marking the flag next to 'raise exceptions' all the tests will be activated. 
4. In the green headline it will be specified how many test have failed.
